so some of the things that I continue to do daily to make sure that my
growth is there is is I'm a reader. I like to read different things.
So anywhere from the CNO or the comment of Marine Corps is reading
list, which changes every few years, Um, two different tasks that may
come up. I make sure that I'm continuously studying, um, scripture.
I am a chaplain, and that's part of my job. But also take jobs and
tasks that or maybe outside of my purview or something that I have
not done before, um, to increase my growth, whether it's writing professional
document or just continue to grow physically and with my
exercise and the things that I want to accomplish their